[MRG] Python requires (#605)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/contributing.rst

Updating documentation
======================

Update ``doc/api.rst`` and ``doc/whats_new.rst`` as appropriate.
When you update the documentation, it is recommended to build it locally to
check whether the documentation renders correctly in HTML.

Certain documentation files require frequent updates. These are::

    * ``doc/api.rst`` if you added a new function.
    * ``doc/whats_new.rst`` to document the fix or change so you can be
      credited on the next release.

Please update these documents at the end to avoid rebase conflicts with other
pull requests.

Building the documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The documentation can be built using sphinx. For that, please additionally
install the following::

    $ pip install matplotlib sphinx numpydoc sphinx-gallery sphinx_bootstrap_theme pillow mpi4py joblib psutil nbsphinx

If you are using a newer version of pip, you may be prompted to use the flag

> ``--use-feature=2020-resolver``. If this happens, please add it as recommended::

Author: This option is not in all `pip` versions ... if folks get this error, they should just do what the error message says.

>     $ pip install matplotlib sphinx numpydoc sphinx-gallery sphinx_bootstrap_theme pillow joblib psutil nbsphinx

Author: mpi4py doesn't install like this ... you'll have to follow the guide for parallel stuff

Reviewer: How so? I'm pretty sure this is how I installed mpi4py.... Either that or it was through conda.

Reviewer: Also, it might be important to indicate to new contributors that successful completion of all our tests require MPI.

Author: > I'm pretty sure this is how I installed mpi4py.... Either that or it was through conda.

There are subtle differences depending on the OS and the compilers available. This command doesn't work "out of the box"

> Also, it might be important to indicate to new contributors that successful completion of all our tests require MPI.

Agreed, I will highlight that!

Updating documentation
======================

When you update the documentation, it is recommended to build it locally to
check whether the documentation renders correctly in HTML.

> Certain documentation files require frequent updates. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain documentation files require explicit updates by the contributor of a change. These are:
```

* ``doc/api.rst`` if you added a new function.
* ``doc/whats_new.rst`` to document the fix or change so you can be credited on the next release.

> Please update these documents at the end to avoid rebase conflicts with other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please update these documents once your pull request is ready to merge to avoid rebase conflicts with other
```

    $ make html-noplot

Finally, to view the documentation, do::

>     $ make view

Reviewer: I never knew this before! This is easier than calling `$firefox _build/html/index.html`.
